# LICENSE AGREEMENT

with the end user of Positive Technologies `PT.SourceStats`.

## 1. General provisions

1.1. This license agreement (hereinafter referred to as the Agreement)
represents an agreement between the end user (hereinafter referred to as
the User) and JSC Positive Technologies (hereinafter referred to as the
Rightholder) with regard to Positive Technologies `PT.SourceStats` made publicly
available by the Rightholder at the address
<https://github.com/PositiveTechnologies/PT.SourceStats>
(hereinafter referred to as the Software).

1.2. The usage of the Software is allowed only under the terms and
conditions of this Agreement. By using the Software, the User agrees to
fulfill the terms and conditions of the Agreement. If the User does not
fully accept the Agreement, the User may not use the Software for any
purpose, including keeping a copy of the Software on data storage
devices.

1.3. Rights under this Agreement are granted solely with regard to the
Software obtained via the address specified in clause 1.1 hereof. The
Rightholder does not grant rights of use to the Software obtained via
other sources, and any usage or storage of such Software is illegal.

## 2. Legal usage

2.1. Downloading, storage, launch, or any other usage of the Software
means the User's accepts the terms of the Agreement and agrees to abide
by the terms hereof.

2.2. The right to use the Software under this Agreement is granted free
of charge. Licensed territory shall be worldwide.

2.3. The User has the right to use the Software as follows: to store an
instance of the Software as distributed by the Rightholder, to copy an
instance to a hardware or virtual platform (installation), to copy an
instance to RAM (execution).

2.4. The User has also the right to modify, adapt, localize, decompile
the Software, and to modify its source code solely according to the
terms specified in clause 4 hereof.

2.5. The manner of using the Software that is not expressly specified
herein is considered to be not allowed.

2.6. The User shall not use the Software to provide services (including
consulting) to third parties, including donated services.

2.7. The User shall not distribute, lease, replicate, or transfer the
Software to third parties, or use it for fraudulent or other illegal
purposes.

## 3. Copyright

3.1. The Rightholder of the Software is JSС Positive Technologies.

3.2. All rights (including the right for the content that can become
available as a result of the Software usage) are the property of the
Rightholder and are protected by current laws of the Russian Federation
and international intellectual property treaties.

3.3. The Software includes third-party software, which the subject of
intellectual property rights of such third parties. The right to use
such third-party software is granted under relevant license agreements
that represent a part of the Software.

3.4. The User may not change or remove from the Software copyright
information of the Rightholder and third parties.

## 4. Software modifications

4.1. The User may change, modify, or improve source code or object code
of the Software (Modifications); this shall not include Modifications
aimed at change or removal of any term of the Agreement or mentioning of
the Rightholder.

4.2. The User may distribute Modifications solely by making such
Modifications publicly available at the site specified in clause 1.1
herein. By publishing Modifications, the User agrees to the emergence of
exclusive rights or to granting the Rightholder a license to
Modifications in a manner specified in this clause of the Agreement.
Distribution of Modifications through any other way is prohibited.

4.3. Exclusive rights on Modifications published by the User at the
address specified in clause 1.1 hereof belong to the Rightholder as soon
as such Modifications are developed.

4.4. In the event that the law applicable on the territory of the User
does not allow the emergence of exclusive rights to Modifications for
the Rightholder in accordance with clause 4.3 hereof, the User shall
transfer the exclusive rights to the Modifications published by the User
in accordance with the manner specified in clause 4.2 hereof to the
Rightholder from the date of such publication.

4.5. In the event that the law applicable on the territory of the User
does not allow the transfer of exclusive rights to Modifications for the
Rightholder in accordance with clause 4.4 hereof, the User shall provide
the Rightholder with an irrevocable non-exclusive license to
Modifications published by the User in a manner specified on clause 4.2
hereof for the duration of the exclusive rights for such Modifications
with permitted use under such license, implying storage, modification,
distribution, publication — both individually and as a part of other
software. Licensed territory in this case shall be worldwide.

4.6. Notwithstanding reasons for usage of Modifications, the User agrees
that the Rightholder may anonymously use and improve Modifications.

## 5. Limited warranty

5.1. The Software is provided as is. The Rightholder gives no warranties
of uninterrupted or error-free operation of the Software, nor does it
give warranties that the Software meets the User's requirements or
expectations. The Rightholder is not liable for direct or indirect
damages resulting from potential errors in the Software, as well as for
damages that might result from using or impossibility to use the
Software.

## 6. Liability

6.1. The User shall be liable for any breach of the terms of this
Agreement and for the illegal usage of the Software under the current
law of the Russian Federation.

6.2. The Rightholder reserves the right to terminate the User's license
unilaterally in case of any breach of the terms of this Agreement and in
case of illegal usage of the Software.

## 7. Other provisions

7.1. The Rightholder reserves the right to change terms of this
Agreement and notify the User about such changes. For the purposes of
this clause, a proper notice shall be publication of changes to this
Agreement at the address specified in clause 1.1 herein.

7.2. The User may contact the Rightholder should the User have any
questions regarding the permitted use of the Software:

**JSC Positive Technologies**

**107241, Moscow, Schelkovskoe shosse, 23A**

**Tel.: +7 495 744 0144**

**Fax: +7 495 744 0187**

**Email:** info@ptsecurity.com
